Could you get me The Master and Margarita right away?
Please give me War and Peace.
I need The Alchemist, can you fetch it for me?
I need to borrow 1984.
Please bring me The Shining.
Please provide The Outsiders.
Could you fetch me A Brief History of Time?
Please get Catch-22 for me.
I want to borrow The Name of the Wind, is it available?
Can you search for The Martian and get it?
I need The Hunger Games, can you fetch it for me?
I need The Brothers Karamazov now, could you bring it?
Can I borrow The Girl on the Train from you?
I’d like to borrow American Gods.
Please find me The Bell Jar.
Can you get One Hundred Years of Solitude for me, please?
Would you mind getting me One Hundred Years of Solitude?
I’d love to have The Chronicles of Narnia, can you give it to me?
Can I get The Road from you?
Do you have The Secret History? I want to borrow it.
I want to borrow 1984.
I want to borrow The Goldfinch, is it available?
Do you have The Master and Margarita available?
Can you get me The Hobbit?
Please retrieve The Brothers Karamazov for me.
Could you find The Goldfinch for me?
Please retrieve Siddhartha for me.
Can you search for The Martian and get it?
Could you hand me The Night Circus?
Can you get The Bell Jar for me, please?
Could you fetch me Moby-Dick?
Can you get me a copy of American Gods?
Do you have Ficciones? I need it.
I want to borrow The Girl on the Train.
Please give me The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle.
Can you get me a copy of The Girl on the Train?
Do you have Invisible Man? I want to borrow it.
I’m looking for The Goldfinch, do you have a copy?
I want to read Catch-22, please bring it to me.
Could you hand me Life of Pi?
Can I get 1984 from you?
Could you find The Alchemist for me?
Please retrieve Moby-Dick for me.
Could you hand me The Hunger Games?
Please provide The Shining.
I need The Shining now, could you bring it?
I need The Bell Jar right now.
I need The Chronicles of Narnia, please find it for me.
I’m looking for Catch-22, do you have a copy?
Can I get The Hunger Games from the shelf?
